most stabbed extra-strength yeah extra
stinks both stab oh let's do her do we
want play or do on PlayStation 3 I toy
oh I think we want that in load I want
to play a CD I want what I will apply a
station
I like this the fake-out menu here this
is what I call pure most stab
unconcentrated ah backwards that spells
bat solid is our name that son bat song
oh yeah maybe if we type in it backwards
will unlock something in Jordan year
2010 oh this is a retro game oh I love
Jordan most stab must get to his house
in KSA befores Oh stab destroy most
avenues okay oh it's physical this is
based on true true life events true life
events in the Bible you only you got
only one week to get there is this in
real time because if so we got plenty of
just take my time play it easy map city
mall so we have to get to the mall
before it's you got to get it a city
mall surface a city heavy Bowl top sir
we live in the mall sit well are you
sure you want want it to play this level
is there maybe yeah just say your and I
regretted here we go way to Wario the
wheels of most have go round and round
okay here we go
this is all right okay all right can you
follow our stupid junkie fall off the
edge of the earth no no stop it's just
there no I can't use the game
S&T in a map my control range reason you
just shot down yeah I just shit a poke a
ball you shot a shit this game is shit
I'm bad sob watch me jump watch me leap
for my life as I tried to us 18 runs Oh
stab to the mall but you don't want the
teeth watch out for spikes they make
damage for you no no it's a Hershey's
kiss oh I like that rogue spike there
yeah what I think of when I think of
[Music]
how's the tea presenting any kind of a
threat ladies were gonna cross it's a
corpse that's sliding on the ground
I like ladyboy rosters I love to recycle
recycle reduce reuse what the heck all
right what the heck is this huh I have
severe see this is a register hypercam
I'm gonna send those guy 10 bucks so I
can just fucking register hypercam
there I'm never gonna play this game I
just feel bad for them in monstrovia
Jordan in the year 2010 Jesus Christ
Jesus fuckin Christ look at that shit
look at that shit I'm getting so much
better at this game you know if they say
practice makes perfect
[Music]
look at this I am so good I'm gonna be
in the competitive zoast traveling right
or most trap oh boy you Jesus turtle I'm
on my way to success slash the mall yeah
Walt Disney Walt Disney's in the mall
look at that big old wad in the
background uh-huh I want to get in that
one yeah that's a it's a great feature
[Music]
Oh get that thing yeah let me but is a
fire engine giving boy is the head yes
party yet alright that's so much I go
down okay oh gee you can no I must wrap
why is there option to give you the
illusion of free will this is an analogy
of about oh look at that crater that's
dinner you've got the apple cubes so oh
this is wonderful if it's like we're
just fucking losing interest rapidly
yeah just when I get to the mall that's
the subtitle
[Music]